content/posts/resources.md, before:

+++
date = '2025-02-02T15:59:45-06:00'
draft = false
title = 'Resources'
+++

## Organizations to Support
---
### United Action for Youth ([unitedactionforyouth.org](https://unitedactionforyouth.org))
Currently looking for volunteers and donations

### One Iowa Acton ([oneiowaaction.org](https://oneiowaaction.org))
Can sign up for alerts online

### One Iowa ([oneiowa.org](https://oneiowa.org))

### Johnson County Dems ([jcdems.org](https://jcdems.org))

### Represent Us ([represent.us](https://represent.us))

### Direct Action 

### Women's March ([womensmarch.com](https://womensmarch.com))

### Anti-racism & Social Justice in North Liberty ([arsjnl.org](https://arsjnl.org)) 
Upcoming book drive at the library

### Immigrant Welcome Network of Johnson County ([iwnjc.org](https://iwnjc.org))

### People's CDC ([peoplescdc.org](https://peoplescdc.org))

### Indivisible ([indivisible.org](https://indivisible.org))

### Move On ([front.moveon.org](https://front.moveon.org))

### Shift The Country ([shiftthecountry.substack.com](https://shiftthecountry.substack.com))
Joined a call organized by this group tonight on "big chaos preparedness," lead is based out of Central Iowa and leads an ongoing series over zoom

Commit message:

Added link for ILRC Red Cards

content/posts/resources.md, after:

+++
date = '2025-02-02T15:59:45-06:00'
draft = false
title = 'Resources'
+++

## Organizations to Support
---
### Immigrant Legal Resource Center ([ilrc.org](https://www.ilrc.org))
Red Cards are available for download [here](https://www.ilrc.org/red-cards-tarjetas-rojas)

### United Action for Youth ([unitedactionforyouth.org](https://unitedactionforyouth.org))
Currently looking for volunteers and donations

### One Iowa Acton ([oneiowaaction.org](https://oneiowaaction.org))
Can sign up for alerts online

### One Iowa ([oneiowa.org](https://oneiowa.org))

### Johnson County Dems ([jcdems.org](https://jcdems.org))

### Represent Us ([represent.us](https://represent.us))

### Direct Action 

### Women's March ([womensmarch.com](https://womensmarch.com))

### Anti-racism & Social Justice in North Liberty ([arsjnl.org](https://arsjnl.org)) 
Upcoming book drive at the library

### Immigrant Welcome Network of Johnson County ([iwnjc.org](https://iwnjc.org))

### People's CDC ([peoplescdc.org](https://peoplescdc.org))

### Indivisible ([indivisible.org](https://indivisible.org))

### Move On ([front.moveon.org](https://front.moveon.org))

### Shift The Country ([shiftthecountry.substack.com](https://shiftthecountry.substack.com))
Joined a call organized by this group tonight on "big chaos preparedness," lead is based out of Central Iowa and leads an ongoing series over zoom
